---
title: "My first MDX post"
publishDate: "21 January 2023"
description: "This is my first post written in MDX"
draft: true
---

2032 - 9 years later

What will education would like when AI (Artificial Intelligence) will be even more wide-spread?
A lot more electric cars, self-driving vehicles (trucks, etc.), drone delivery (mana) .

What other changes can we predict that might change our daily lives?
What will iPhone 14+9 = 23 be like?

Which new companies we will be surrounded by or existing companies in new ways?
Apple VR seems to making a leap.
Microsoft and OpenAI are getting into bed. GitHub is already in the same bedsheets.
What will a baby look like from those 3?

Full conversational AI assistant? Very likely.
Generative AI for User Interfaces? I guess
What will designers do? Write prompts to guide the AI to design, and do final edits?
What will developers do? Write prompts to guide the AI to code, and do final edits?

Is our future talking or interfacing with Machines – at least in the work place?

## What will kids born today learn in the first day at school?

Same they're learning today?

## At what age will kids born today own a smart phone, iPad or smart watch?

In 2023 1.x billion kids will be born in "Western countries".
What will digital literacy look like?

Will digital education swing the pendulum and take over other subjects?
Will learning take second place in

Should kids write essays when ChatGPT3+9 = ChatGPT12

## What about cryptocurrencies and Web3?

Will we see Bitcoin (or similar) widely adopted as a mean of currency?
What will my mom or uncle ask me during the holidays that they might heard of?
Will they be wearing NFT necklace?

## So many questions, but why should we care?

We will adapt when we see or hear the first time a new technology, idea, etc.
Why do we have to predict the future?

Do we have to be ready for a reason? Is the world going to change drastically?

My predictions about FAAG companies:

- Facebook will be here - just in another form – Metaverse 50%
- Amazon will still be here - delivering all consumerism your desires
- Apple will still be here
- Google will still be here – will be old Microsoft: focused on corporate, following Microsoft's innovation
